update print output and include more wrappers (#77)
openpharma/RobinCar2: vignettes/articles/robincar-comparison.Rmd

### Features available in RobinCar that are not available in RobinCar2

> RobinCar support many other methods like machine-learning methods. Those methods is not included in RobinCar2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RobinCar supports many other methods like machine-learning methods. Those methods are not included in RobinCar2.
```
